This rapacious dog actually sat in the first row with Old Shen
It must have been brought there by the Hokkien
Hey, I don't understand.
Such an unfortunate thing
Dare to bring it in front of such a big man
There's no shame in that.
So shameless
The wimp who relies on that person to climb high branches?
The card is not over
Go over and expose Xu Feng's little hand as soon as possible
You're dead, you son of a bitch
Take a look.
This Ocean Star necklace
Masterpieces in the International Masters
Starlight
Perfect starting price
30 million I don't know which lady was there
Worth this necklace
Qinger
Do you like it?
I think this necklace is average. I've seen it before.
But if you buy it for me
I can think about it.
35 million
I'm just kidding.
How can you be serious?
Yeah.
I'll buy you whatever you like.
40 million